Warning for VSO errors (#3719)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3719.trivial.rst

> Added support to return errors from VSO as warnings in `sunpy.net.vso`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors from a VSO search will now be raised to the user .
```
